Update software behavior to use the default echopype home directory (#954)
OSOceanAcoustics/echopype: docs/source/convert.rst

A destination folder or file path should be specified with the ``save_path``
argument in these methods in order to control the location of the converted files.
If the argument is not specified, the converted ``.nc`` and ``.zarr``

> files are saved into a folder called ``~/.echopype/temp_output`` under the
> current execution folder. This folder will be created if it doesn't already exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
files are saved into the directory ``~/.echopype/temp_output``.
This folder will be created if it doesn't already exists.
```
